Added ServiceNow self-service action (#1)
port-labs/self-service-actions-examples: github-workflows/servicenow/README.md

<img align="right" width="100" height="74" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8277210/183290025-d7b24277-dfb4-4ce1-bece-7fe0ecd5efd4.svg" />

# Create ServiceNow Incident

[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-4A154B?style=for-the-badge&logo=slack&logoColor=white)](https://join.slack.com/t/devex-community/shared_invite/zt-1bmf5621e-GGfuJdMPK2D8UN58qL4E_g)

This GitHub action allows you to quickly create incidents in ServiceNow via Port Actions with ease.

## Prerequisites
* ServiceNow instance URL, username and password. Head over to [ServiceNow](https://signon.service-now.com/x_snc_sso_auth.do?pageId=username) to get your credentials.
* [Port's GitHub app](https://github.com/apps/getport-io) installed

> ## Quickstart - Create a pager duty incident from the service catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Quickstart - Create a ServiceNow incident from the service catalog
```

Follow these steps to get started with the Golang template

1. Create the following GitHub action secrets
* `SERVICENOW_USERNAME` - ServiceNow instance username
* `SERVICENOW_PASSWORD` - ServiceNow instance password
* `SERVICENOW_INSTANCE_URL` - ServiceNow instance URL
* `PORT_CLIENT_ID` - Port Client ID [learn more](https://docs.getport.io/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/api/#get-api-token)
* `PORT_CLIENT_SECRET` - Port Client Secret [learn more](https://docs.getport.io/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/api/#get-api-token) 

2. Install the Ports GitHub app from [here](https://github.com/apps/getport-io/installations/new).

> 3. Optional - Install Port's ServiceNow integration [learn more][https://github.com/port-labs/ocean/tree/main/integrations/servicenow] 

Reviewer 2: Fix the learn more link. the actual link is supposed to be in () not []

Also change the link to https://docs.getport.io/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/itsm/servicenow

>**Note** This step is not required for this example, but it will create all the blueprint boilerplate for you, and also update the catalog in real time with the new incident created.
4. After you installed the integration, the blueprints `servicenowGroup`, `servicenowCatalog` and `servicenowIncident` will appear, create the following action with the following JSON file on the `servicenowIncident` blueprint:

```json
[
  {

>     "identifier": "create_a_service_now_incident",

Reviewer 2: Change identifier to trigger_servicenow_incident

>     "title": "Create a ServiceNow incident",

Reviewer 2: Change title to Trigger ServiceNow Incident

          "default": false
        },
        "urgency": {
          "title": "Urgency",
          "icon": "DefaultProperty",
          "type": "string",
          "default": "2",
          "enum": [
            "1",
            "2",
            "3"
          ],
          "enumColors": {
            "1": "lightGray",
            "2": "lightGray",
            "3": "lightGray"
          }
        },
        "assigned_to": {
          "icon": "DefaultProperty",
          "title": "Assigned To",
          "description": "User this incident is assigned to",
          "type": "string"
        },
        "sysparm_display_value": {
          "title": "Sysparm Display Value",
          "description": "Determines the type of data returned, either the actual values from the database or the display values of the fields.",
          "icon": "DefaultProperty",
          "type": "string",
          "default": "all",
          "enum": [
            "true",
            "false",
            "all"
          ],
          "enumColors": {
            "true": "lightGray",
            "false": "lightGray",
            "all": "lightGray"
          }
        }
      },
      "required": [

>         "assigned_to"

Reviewer 2: Don't you think you need to make the `short_description` rather required?

      ],
      "order": [
        "short_description",
        "assigned_to",
        "urgency",
        "sysparm_display_value",
        "sysparm_input_display_value"
      ]
    },
    "invocationMethod": {
      "type": "GITHUB",

>       "org": "lordsarcastic",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "org": "my-org",
```

```json
[
  {
    "identifier": "trigger_servicenow_incident",
    "title": "Trigger ServiceNow incident",
    "icon": "Servicenow",
    "userInputs": {
      "properties": {
        "short_description": {
          "icon": "DefaultProperty",
          "title": "Short Description",
          "description": "Description of the event",
          "type": "string"
        },
        "sysparm_input_display_value": {
          "title": "Sysparm Input Display Value",
          "description": "Flag that indicates whether to set field values using the display value or the actual value.",
          "type": "boolean",
          "default": false
        },
        "urgency": {
          "title": "Urgency",
          "icon": "DefaultProperty",
          "type": "string",
          "default": "2",
          "enum": [
            "1",
            "2",
            "3"
          ],
          "enumColors": {
            "1": "lightGray",
            "2": "lightGray",
            "3": "lightGray"
          }
        },

>         "assigned_to": {

Author: It mostly doesn't. Also, we don't have anything to do with a ServiceNow User so far. Those details aren't in the response or in any ServiceNow integration.
